## Related Work

### [[Foundation Modals ]]

A large number of works have sought to develop general-purpose foundation models.

Within NLP this generally attempted in the form of Large Scale LLMs. (example gpt and LLaMA series)

Within CV strategies such as masked auto-encoders, contrastive learning are example of self supervised learning.

### [[Multi-modal understanding]]

Recently, many multimodal models have been developed that try to learn a relatively small number of parameters. To connect large pretrained models.

Unlike most previous work, they explore training models to predict visual tokens and action tokens in addition to language tokens and explicitly train the model for agentic tasks.

they focus training for agent like tasks to allow for the formation of the components of agi as mentioned in the introduction.

### Agent-Based AI

Agent based AI is distinguished from traditional AI by it's need to generate dynamic behavior. 

This allow the AI to be grounded in an understanding of environmental context. 

--- LLMs have potential in Robotic systems
As of recent work has been been done to show the potential LLMs and VLMs have in enhancing multimodal interactions between robots, environments, and humans.(Durante et al., 2024).


> [!NOTE] links
> This applies to Both manipulation and navigation. 
(Jiang et al., 2022; Brohan et al., 2023; 2022; Li et al., 2023e; Ahn et al., 2022; Shah et al., 2023b; Li et al., 2023c; Wake et al., 2023a; Gong et al., 2023a) and navigation (Gadre et al., 2023; Dorbala et al., 2023; Cai et al., 2023; Shah et al., 2023a; Zhou et al., 2023; Dorbala et al., 2022; Liang et al., 2023; Huang et al., 2023).


Additionally, significant advances in reinforcements learning have improved agent policy training on top of VLM/LLMs. Key advancements have been made in areas such as reward design.


> [!NOTE] Idea
> Current Reward systems are linear and not complex. If we use a new type of reward essentially a token where the goal is to have good combined value instead of value we might have a more sophisticated reward system. that may be more promising.






> [!NEXT] NEXT 
> [[3. Agent Paradigm]]


